- IN THE
CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM,
SEXUALLY BASED OFFENSES
ARE CONSIDERED
ESPECIALLY HEINOUS.
IN NEW YORK CITY,
THE DEDICATED DETECTIVES
WHO INVESTIGATE
THESE VICIOUS FELONIES
ARE MEMBERS
OF AN ELITE SQUAD
KNOWN AS
THE SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT.
THESE ARE THEIR STORIES.
- I'M NOT A VERY GOOD DRINKER.
- I THOUGHT I WAS
GONNA THROW UP.
- HE FOLLOWED ME
INTO THE BATHROOM
AND ASKED IF I WAS OKAY.
THEN HE...
- PUSHED ME INTO THE CORNER,
AND HE KISSED ME.
- HE PUT HIS HAND UP MY SKIRT.
I KEPT BEGGING HIM TO STOP...
- BUT HE HELD ME DOWN.
I MUST HAVE PASSED OUT...
- BECAUSE WHEN I WOKE UP,
MY PANTIES WERE MISSING,
AND HE WAS...
- TAKING PICTURES OF ME
WITH HIS CELL PHONE.
- I ALWAYS THOUGHT THAT...RAPE
WAS SOMETHING A STRANGER DID,
BUT I KNEW THE GUY
WHO RAPED ME.
- ALL I CAN DO IS THINK...
together: IF ONLY
I HADN'T GONE OUT THAT NIGHT.
- IF ONLY
I'D DONE SOMETHING DIFFERENT.
- THANK YOU ALL
FOR HAVING THE COURAGE
TO SHARE YOUR STORIES.
NOW, THE REST OF YOU
LOOK AROUND...
BECAUSE WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM
COULD HAPPEN TO YOU.
ONE OUT OF FOUR FEMALE STUDENTS
WILL BE SEXUALLY ASSAULTED
BEFORE SHE GRADUATES.
WE MUST TAKE BACK THE NIGHT.
- HEY, KATHLEEN!
- DAD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
WHERE'S OLIVIA?
- LIV, UH...SHE'S VERY SORRY
SHE COULDN'T MAKE IT.
SHE'S GOT KID PROBLEMS.
SO HERE I AM.
- WELL, JUST IN TIME.
YOU'RE UP NEXT.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN, UP NEXT?
I'M--I'M SPEAKING?
WELL, SHE DIDN'T
TELL ME ABOUT THAT.
OKAY. WHAT AM I GONNA
TALK ABOUT?
- HOW RAPE'S THE MOST COMMON
VIOLENT CRIME
ON COLLEGE CAMPUSES,
HOW MOST ARE COMMITTED
BY FRIENDS.
- ALL RIGHT. YEAH.
SVU 101.
- OUR NEXT GUEST SPEAKER
IS DETECTIVE ELLIOT STABLER
FROM NYPD SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT.
[cheers and applause]
[whistle blows]
RAPIST! RAPE!
- NO! BETHANY!
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
- BECAUSE YOU RAPED ME.
CHUCK MILLS RAPED ME.
AND NO ONE DID
ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
- NO! SHE IS LYING!
THAT'S NOT TRUE!
- POLICE.
STAY RIGHT THERE.
NOW, JUST SO I'M CLEAR
ABOUT THIS...
YOU'RE ACCUSING THIS MAN
OF ASSAULTING YOU?
- HE RAPED ME.
[crowd chanting]
DATE RAPE HAS GOT TO GO.
- TURN AROUND.
PUT YOUR HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
- WHY?
- TURN AROUND.
PUT YOUR HANDS BEHIND YOUR BACK.
- WHY? I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING!
- PUT YOUR HANDS
BEHIND YOUR BACK.
[crowd chanting] HEY, HEY, HO,
HO, DATE RAPE HAS GOTTA GO!
[cheers and applause]
- HEY, HEY, HO, HO!
OFF TO JAIL THAT RAPIST GOES.
OFF TO JAIL THAT RAPIST GOES!
HEY, HEY, HO, HO!
- I WENT TO A PARTY AND HAD
A LITTLE TOO MUCH TO DRINK.
CHUCK WAS THERE.
- OKAY.
AND WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
- LAST MAY.
I WAS TOO DRUNK TO WALK HOME,
AND CHUCK LIVED
ACROSS THE STREET.
HE SAID I COULD CRASH
AT HIS PLACE.
- SO...CHUCK IS YOUR FRIEND?
- NO. WE MET THAT NIGHT.
WHEN WE GOT TO HIS ROOM,
HE TOOK OFF MY SHOES
AND TUCKED ME INTO BED.
I REMEMBER THINKING
HE WAS SO NICE.
- THEN SHE ASKED ME
IF I WAS SEEING ANYONE.
- WAIT A MINUTE, WAIT A MINUTE.
SO BETHANY IS IN YOUR BED.
WHERE WERE YOU?
- I WAS SLEEPING ON THE FLOOR.
UNTIL SHE ASKED ME
TO JOIN HER.
- MM-HMM.
AND A PREMED LIKE YOURSELF,
YOU COULDN'T TURN DOWN A CHANCE
TO GIVE HER AN ANATOMY LESSON?
- I TRIED TO, AND NEXT THING
THAT I KNEW,
SHE WAS ALL OVER ME!
- NEXT THING I REMEMBER
IS WAKING UP, AND HE--
HE WAS ON TOP OF ME.
AND THEN INSIDE ME.
IT WAS OVER
BEFORE I COULD DO ANYTHING.
- IT WAS JUST A HOOKUP.
SHE WANTED A RELATIONSHIP.
- AND YOU WEREN'T
INTERESTED IN THAT.
- RIGHT, RIGHT.
AND WHAT DOES SHE DO?
SHE FREAKS OUT, RUNS AND TELLS
EVERYBODY THAT I ATTACKED HER,
AND THEN DRAGS ME IN FRONT
OF THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE.
- SO...WHAT HAPPENED?
YOU GET A SLAP ON THE WRIST?
- SLAP ON THE WRIST?
THEY MADE ME DO
COMMUNITY SERVICE
AND PUT A PERMANENT HONOR CODE
VIOLATION ON MY RECORD.
- THEY ACTED LIKE ALL HE DID
WAS CHEAT ON A BIOCHEM FINAL.
- BETHANY,
DID YOU CALL THE POLICE?
- CAMPUS POLICE.
THE ONLY THING THEY DID
WAS SEND US TO
THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE.
CHUCK RAPED ME.
I WANT HIM PUNISHED.
- DUDE, HAVEN'T I BEEN
PUNISHED ENOUGH?
- SO YOU'RE THE VICTIM HERE.
- WE ARE WAY BEYOND THAT.
THAT BITCH HAS A WEBSITE--
WWW.CHUCKMILLSRAPEDME.COM,
AND EVERYTHING THAT SHE HAS
POSTED ON IT IS A TOTAL LIE.
- DO YOU KNOW CHUCK MILLS?
HE'S A RAPIST.
HE'S A PREDATOR.
HE IS A SCUMBAG.
HE IS A DEFILER.
THIS IS A SERIOUS WARNING.
- WELL, I GOTTA SAY--
SHE MAKES A GOOD CASE.
- WELL, IT DOESN'T MEAN
IT'S TRUE.
WHOEVER RANTS THE LOUDEST
ON THE INTERNET WINS.
- YOU ASK ME,
SITES LIKE THESE
ARE JUST MORE LITTER
ON THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY.
- GUYS, THIS ISN'T LITTER.
THIS IS SOME POOR GIRL
TRYING TO GET JUSTICE.
- OR REVENGE FOR BEING DUMPED.
- BETHANY WAS DRUNK.
LEGALLY, SHE'S INCAPABLE
OF CONSENTING.
- WELL, WHAT IF CHUCK
WAS DRUNK TOO?
HOW DOES HE KNOW SHE WASN'T
SOBER ENOUGH TO CONSENT?
- THAT'S NO EXCUSE.
IF YOU DRINK AND DRIVE
AND THEN YOU KILL SOMEONE,
IT'S STILL YOUR FAULT.
- COME ON, LIV.
WHAT DOES THE GIRL EXPECT?
SHE GETS BOMBED,
GOES UP TO A GUY'S APARTMENT.
WHAT'S SHE GONNA DO,
PLAY SCRABBLE?
- IT'S THE GUY'S RESPONSIBILITY
NOT TO TAKE ADVANTAGE
OF THE SITUATION.
- WOW. IT'S GETTING
TO A POINT
WHERE A GUY NEEDS A PERMISSION
SLIP TO GET PAST FIRST BASE.
- ALREADY DO.
SOME COLLEGES PASS THEM OUT
AT FRESHMAN ORIENTATION.
THEY CALL IT AN
"ONLY YES MEANS YES" LECTURE.
- IT'S OKAY BY ME.
- YEAH, YOU SAY THAT NOW,
BUT DIDN'T YOU HOOK UP
WITH KATHY
OVER A KEG
AT A FRATERNITY PARTY?
- HOOK UP? NUMBER ONE,
I WAS NEVER A FRAT BOY,
AND IT WAS A LITTLE MORE
ROMANTIC THAN THAT.
- WHO ARE YOU CALLING?
- HARDWICKE.
SEEING WHAT WE SHOULD DO
WITH CHUCKLES HERE.
- I'M AHEAD OF YOU.
HARDWICKE'S IN ALBANY
MEETING WITH THE A.G.
TEMP ADA'S ON THE WAY.
- WELL, HOPEFULLY,
IT'S SOMEONE
WHO KNOWS HOW TO
SORT THROUGH THIS MESS.
- HOW 'BOUT ME, HON?
MESSES ARE MY SPECIALTY.
HEY, STABLER.
MISS ME?
- SONYA.
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN' HERE?
- YOU MEAN...HOW DID I
ESCAPE THE DRUNK TANK?
- NO. SHE MEANS "WHY US?"
- [laughs] OH. PART OF MY
PROBATIONARY STATUS
UNTIL I CAN PROVE TO THE D.A.
THAT I HAVEN'T LOST
MY WINNING WAYS.
YOU DON'T HAVE ANY PHYSICAL
OR TRACE EVIDENCE?
OH, GOD, YOU GUYS
NEVER MAKE IT EASY, DO YOU?
- BETHANY DIDN'T COME FORWARD
UNTIL MONTHS
AFTER SHE WAS RAPED.
- AND LET ME GUESS.
NO WITNESSES EITHER, RIGHT?
- NOTHING BUT INTERNET RUMORS
AND HEARSAY ON HER WEBSITE.
- ALL RIGHT, SO WHAT WE GOT
HERE IS YOUR BASIC
"HE-SAID, SHE-SAID,
SHE-POSTED-NASTY-COMMENTS."
- AFTER SHE DRANK A LITTLE BIT
TOO MUCH TRASH CAN PUNCH,
GOT PLASTERED.
BUT...
YOU KNOW HOW THAT GOES.
- IT'S OKAY.
REHAB, UM...
REHAB ACTUALLY DID WONDERS.
BUT IT DIDN'T TURN ME
INTO A MIRACLE WORKER.
CONSENT IS UNCLEAR BECAUSE
THE COMPLAINING PARTY
WAS DRUNK OFF HER ASS.
IT'S A GRAY RAPE.
- RAPE...GRAY OR NOT,
IS STILL RAPE.
- NOT UNTIL
IT'S BLACK AND WHITE.
RIGHT NOW, THIS CASE
IS AS BIG A LOSER AS THIS GUY.
CUT HIM LOOSE
TILL YOU FIND ME
SOMETHING THAT'LL STICK.
UH...
PLEASE.
THANK YOU.
- BETHANY JENNINGS. YEP.
TOOK A REPORT FROM HER
LAST MONTH.
- FOR RAPE.
- THAT WAS HER STORY.
- RAPE BEEN A PROBLEM
ON CAMPUS?
- WE DO OUR BEST TO KEEP
THINGS UNDER CONTROL,
BUT MOST OF THESE KIDS,
IT'S THEIR FIRST TIME
AWAY FROM HOME.
THERE YOU GO.
- ONE SHEET?
NO NOTES, NO STATEMENT?
DID YOU EVEN THINK ABOUT
CALLING THE POLICE?
- ON THIS CAMPUS,
WE ARE THE POLICE,
AUTHORIZED BY THE GOVERNOR'S
OFFICE, SAME AS YOU.
- YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED
TO CHARGE CHUCK MILLS
WITH A FELONY,
WHICH IS WHAT HE COMMITTED.
THIS...IS A JOKE.
- WE TAKE RAPE VERY SERIOUSLY
AROUND HERE.
WE ENCOURAGE OUR STUDENTS
TO REPORT ALL SEXUAL ASSAULTS.
- TO YOU, NOT TO US.
- WE TELL THEM TO MAKE A
DECISION THAT IS RIGHT FOR THEM.
- YOU PRESSURE YOUNG WOMEN
NOT TO GO TO THE POLICE
SO YOU CAN SWEEP RAPE
UNDER THE RUG.
- THERE'S BEEN NO COVER-UP
HERE, DETECTIVE.
I SEND EVERY ALLEGED RAPE
STRAIGHT TO THE DEAN'S OFFICE.
- BASED ON THE TESTIMONY
OF BOTH MR. MILLS
AND MISS JENNINGS,
WE'VE DECIDED
THAT THIS INCIDENT
WAS A CASE OF POOR JUDGMENT.
- ON CHUCK'S SIDE.
- ON BOTH SIDES.
- SO HE'S GONNA PICK UP
A LITTLE BIT OF TRASH,
AND THE WHOLE THING
JUST GOES QUIETLY AWAY?
- WHAT WOULD YOU DO, DETECTIVE,
THROW HIM IN JAIL?
WHOM WOULD THAT HELP?
- BETHANY.
SHE WOULDN'T HAVE TO SEE
THE GUY WHO RAPED HER
WALKING FREE ACROSS CAMPUS
EVERY DAY.
- PERHAPS WE SHOULD
LOCK HER UP AS WELL
FOR UNDERAGE DRINKING.
- HOW ABOUT YOU
FOR CRIMINAL NEGLIGENCE?
OR ENDANGERMENT OF A MINOR?
I'D LIKE TO TAKE A LOOK
AT THE COMMITTEE'S RULING.
- NAH-AH-AH. THE FAMILY
EDUCATIONAL AND PRIVACY ACT
REQUIRES THAT I GET THE CONSENT
OF BOTH STUDENTS.
- OH. THAT'S CONVENIENT.
FOR CHUCK.
- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT,
I'LL SETTLE FOR
THE NAMES OF THE PEOPLE
ON THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE.
THEY'RE NOT HIDING BEHIND
ANY PRIVACY LAWS, ARE THEY?
- [exhales]
I'LL HAVE MY ASSISTANT
FAX YOU A LIST.
- DO YOU THINK THESE
DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE PEEPS
WILL EVEN TALK TO YOU?
- THEY WILL WHEN WE
SLAP 'EM WITH A SUBPOENA.
- WHICH HUDSON'S ATTORNEYS
WILL CHALLENGE
AS A VIOLATION
OF FEDERAL PRIVACY LAWS.
I MEAN, THEY'LL LOSE,
BUT THEY'LL KEEP MY ASS
IN COURT FOR A MONTH.
- WE DON'T HAVE A MONTH.
A COCKY CREEP LIKE CHUCK
WILL RAPE AGAIN.
- WELL, CAN'T WE ALSO SUBPOENA
THE COMMITTEE'S RECORDS?
THE CLERY ACT REQUIRES
THAT COLLEGES DISCLOSE
ALL CRIMES
THAT HAPPEN ON CAMPUS.
- YEAH. THAT'S WHY SCHOOLS
RUN THESE CRIMES
THROUGH THEIR CARTOON COURTS
FIRST.
HUDSON'S DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE
DIDN'T FIND THERE WAS ANY RAPE,
SO THERE'S NO CRIME
TO REPORT, RIGHT?
- MY TUITION DOLLARS,
HARD AT WORK.
- EXACTLY THE POINT.
HIGHER EDUCATION
IS BIG BUSINESS.
AND NOBODY WANTS TO SEND
THEIR DAUGHTER TO RAPE U.
- THIS COMMITTEE MEMBER
MIGHT TALK WITHOUT A SUBPOENA.
- THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE
IS A JOKE.
I SEE AT LEAST TWO WOMEN
A WEEK
FOR WHAT'S CLEARLY A RAPE,
YET HUDSON EXPELS
MORE STUDENTS FOR CHEATING.
- SO WHAT HAPPENED
WITH BETHANY'S CASE?
- WELL, I--
I CAN'T DISCUSS IT.
ANY TESTIMONY
WITH A PSYCHOLOGIST
LIKE ME IN ATTENDANCE
MAKES IT EXEMPT FROM DISCLOSURE
TO ANYONE, INCLUDING THE FEDS.
- SO THEY PUT YOU ON
THE COMMITTEE
TO DO AN END RUN
AROUND THE CLERY ACT.
- THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I QUIT.
NOW THEY BURY RAPES
BY CALLING THEM ANYTHING
BUT WHAT THEY REALLY ARE--
MISUNDERSTANDINGS,
IMPAIRED JUDGMENT.
- SO THESE GIRLS GET DRUNK
AND THEY END UP IN PLACES
THAT THEY'D NEVER GO SOBER.
- LIKE A STRANGE GUY'S BED.
- MIX IN A BUNCH OF HORNY KIDS
WITH BUCKETS OF BOOZE,
AND YOU'VE GOT
A RECIPE FOR DISASTER.
THAT'S WHY I STARTED
THE BUDDY SYSTEM HERE ON CAMPUS.
- IT'S A LIKE A...
DESIGNATED DRIVER?
- YEAH. MAKE SURE THEY DON'T
DO SOMETHING STUPID
IF THEY DRINK TOO MUCH.
- SO ONE KID STAYS SOBER
WHILE THE OTHERS
GET EVEN MORE FRIED.
- WELL, IT'S NOT PERFECT,
BUT IF KIDS ARE GONNA DRINK,
AND THEY ARE,
AT LEAST THEY'LL HAVE
A SAFETY NET.
- WISH BETHANY
HAD A SAFETY NET THAT NIGHT.
- LEGALLY, I'M NOT
SUPPOSED TO SAY ANYTHING,
BUT...
YOU SHOULD ASK
YOUR DAUGHTER ABOUT THAT.
- EVERYONE HERE KNOWS
I DON'T DRINK,
SO THEY ALL WANT ME TO BE
THEIR BUDDY.
- WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME ABOUT BETHANY?
- BECAUSE YOU'D SAY
I SCREWED UP.
- [sighs]
OKAY, KATHLEEN,
TELL ME WHAT--
JUST TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED THAT NIGHT.
- WE WENT OUT.
SHE STARTED TALKING TO CHUCK.
AND THEN I SAW A GUY
I REALLY, REALLY LIKE,
AND WE WENT TO GRAB A COFFEE,
AND IT ONLY TOOK TEN MINUTES,
AND THEN WHEN I WAS BACK,
BETHANY WAS GONE.
I TRIED CALLING HER,
BUT SHE DIDN'T PICK UP.
[crying]
SHE--
- OKAY. OKAY.
OKAY.
YOU DIDN'T SCREW UP.
- I WAS SUPPOSED TO WATCH
BETHANY, BUT I LEFT HER ALONE.
- WE'RE GONNA GET THIS GUY.
JUST TELL ME WHERE YOU
AND BETHANY WENT THAT NIGHT.
- WE WERE AT A PARTY
AT THE LIBRARY.
- MOM, DON'T WORRY.
I'M AT THE LIBRARY RIGHT NOW.
- WASN'T LIKE THIS
WHEN I WAS IN COLLEGE.
- WE TELL 'EM NOT TO DRINK,
AND WE TEMPT THEM WITH ALL THIS.
LOOK WHO'S HERE.
- OH, HE'S POPULAR
WITH THE LADIES, ISN'T HE?
- NOT ALL OF THEM.
- FELICIA, YOU CRAZY BITCH!
- LET GO OF ME, YOU PIG!
- GET AWAY FROM ME!
- POLICE! ARE YOU OKAY?
- HI, CHUCK. REMEMBER ME?
- YEAH. I DIDN'T DO ANYTHING.
SHE--YOU SAW WHAT HAPPENED.
SHE--SHE CAME AT ME!
- IT'S CALLED ASSAULT,
YOU DUMB ASS.
- THERE WE GO.
- COME ON.
- YEAH, THIS MAKES SENSE.
A BITCH DUMPS A BREWSKI ON ME,
AND I GET ARRESTED.
- SO...FELICIA'S A BITCH
AND BETHANY'S A SLUT.
IS THAT WHAT WOMEN ARE TO YOU,
CHUCKIE?
SLUTS AND BITCHES
FOR YOUR RAPING PLEASURE?
- I GRABBED FELICIA
IN SELF-DEFENSE.
AND BETHANY IS FULL OF CRAP.
I DIDN'T RAPE HER,
AND SHE KNOWS IT.
- [sighs]
[click]
A MISDEMEANOR SHOVING MATCH
IN A COLLEGE BAR.
- MM-HMM.
- REALLY?
- WELL, JUST DOIN' OUR JOBS.
- YEAH. YOU'RE JUST
TREADING WATER
'CAUSE YOU CAN'T PROVE
THAT HE RAPED BETHANY JENNINGS.
- WHATEVER
GETS HIM OFF THE STREET.
- ALL RIGHT. SO WHERE'S
THIS GIRL HE ASSAULTED?
- FELICIA SAID THAT
SHE WOULD MEET US DOWN HERE.
- RIGHT.
- OKAY, SHE'S TWO HOURS LATE.
IN THE MEANTIME,
WE'LL JUST PUT HIM ON ICE
UNTIL ARRAIGNMENT.
- FOR WHAT?
WE DON'T HAVE
A COMPLAINING WITNESS
OR A SIGNED COMPLAINT.
NOPE. CHUCKIE'S OUTTA HERE,
JUST LIKE ME.
- THAT SON OF A BITCH WALKS,
EVERY GIRL ON HUDSON'S CAMPUS
IS GONNA BE IN DANGER.
- CUT HIM LOOSE, STABLER.
AND GO HOME.
HAVE A DRINK.
FOR BOTH OF US.
- WHAT, YOU WANT
A BEER INSTEAD?
- NO.
I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT
THE FIRST NIGHT WE MET.
YOU KNOW, IF WE HADN'T
GOTTEN DRUNK AND ALL...
- WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED?
- OR NOT HAPPENED?
- 26 YEARS
AND FIVE KIDS LATER,
AND YOU'RE ASKING ME THIS?
- YEAH.
- DO YOU KNOW WHAT
I REMEMBER ABOUT THAT NIGHT?
HOW MUCH I WANTED
TO KISS YOU.
- SO WHY DIDN'T YOU?
- 'CAUSE I WAS SCARED.
- REALLY?
- [laughs] YEAH.
- IT ONLY TOOK ME THREE BEERS
TO WORK UP THE NERVE
TO SAY HELLO.
- [laughs]
- HELLO.
- HI.
- THEN WE BOTH GOT DRUNK.
- [laughing] REALLY DRUNK.
BUT...NOT SO DRUNK THAT
I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING.
- OH, COME ON.
REALLY?
- KATHLEEN, I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE COMING HOME.
DO YOU WANT SOME DINNER?
- NO, THANKS, MOM.
IT'S--JUST WANTED
TO DROP THIS OFF.
- WHAT IS IT?
- JUST SOMETHING YOU SHOULD SEE.
I GOTTA GET BACK
TO CAMPUS, DAD.
- HOLD ON A SECOND.
LET ME JUST TAKE A LOOK.
[telephone rings]
THIS IS CHUCK MILLS'
DISCIPLINARY FILE.
HOW'D YOU GET IT?
- I DIDN'T STEAL IT.
- SOMEONE DID. WHO?
KATHLEEN, YOU GOTTA TELL ME.
WHO?
- THE GUY I TOLD YOU ABOUT.
THE ONE I LIKE.
HE WORKS IN THE DEAN'S OFFICE,
AND HE LEFT IT UNDER MY DOOR.
- ON HIS OWN, OR DID YOU
ASK HIM TO GET IT FOR YOU?
PLEASE TELL ME THE TRUTH.
- CHUCK RAPED BETHANY
BECAUSE I SCREWED UP.
I HAD TO DO SOMETHING
TO HELP HER.
- LOOK,
I-I KNOW YOU MEAN WELL,
BUT...LEGALLY,
I CAN'T READ THIS.
- YES, YOU CAN.
YOU DIDN'T DIRECT ME
TO GET IT FOR YOU.
I DID IT BY MYSELF.
- HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
- LEGAL CONCEPTS 203.
AS LONG AS I WASN'T
ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF,
THE POLICE CAN USE IT.
GOOD NIGHT, DAD.
- MORNING.
- IS IT?
MORNING, I MEAN.
CALVIN WAS UP ALL NIGHT
WITH A STOMACHACHE--AGAIN.
- WELL, YOU'RE NOT
THE ONLY ONE
WHO DIDN'T GET
ANY SLEEP LAST NIGHT.
CHUCK MILLS'
DISCIPLINARY FILE.
- HOW?
- DON'T ASK.
BUT IT'S LEGAL.
- DID YOU READ IT?
- THREE TIMES.
AND EITHER BETHANY
WAS CHUCK'S FIRST RAPE,
OR THAT FILE'S
BEEN SANITIZED.
- SO NO ONE CAN ACCUSE
HUDSON OF A COVER-UP.
EITHER WAY, IT DOESN'T HELP US?
- YEAH, BUT THIS MIGHT.
IT'S A DIFFERENT INCIDENT
WHERE CHUCK IS THE VICTIM.
- "CHUCK MILLS
IS A MURDERER."
DO THEY KNOW WHO DID THIS?
- YEAH. AND SO DO WE.
FELICIA ZORN.
- THE GIRL WHO GAVE CHUCK
A BEER BATH.
- DISCIPLINARY
COMMITTEE'S VERDICT
CAME DOWN YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
THEY WANT ME OUT
BY 2:00 TODAY.
- THE UNIVERSITY EXPELLED YOU
FOR CALLING CHUCK A NAME?
- NOT AT FIRST.
BUT WHEN THEY TOLD ME I HAD
TO APOLOGIZE TO HIM IN WRITING,
I KINDA LOST IT AND TOLD THEM
THEY COULD GO TO HELL.
- WHY DIDN'T YOU COME DOWN
TO THE STATION LAST NIGHT
AND TALK TO US?
- SORRY. I WAS A LITTLE UPSET.
- OKAY, FELICIA...
WHY'D YOU CALL CHUCK
A MURDERER?
- BECAUSE...
HE KILLED
CARLA VINCENT'S BABY.
SHE THINKS CHUCK'S
THE LOVE OF HER LIFE.
- OKAY, LISTEN,
LET'S GO BACK A SECOND.
SO...CARLA
IS CHUCK'S GIRLFRIEND.
- UNLESS THERE'S SOME OTHER
GIRL HE'S TRYING TO PORK.
- SO YOU'RE WATCHING OUT
FOR HER.
- SOMEBODY HAD TO.
YOU KNOW, SHE WASN'T HERE
A WEEK BEFORE HE WOOED HER,
SCREWED HER,
AND GOT HER PREGNANT?
ON HER FIRST HOOKUP?
- AND YOU THINK
THAT HE MURDERED HER BABY.
- SHE HAD A MISCARRIAGE.
AND AFTERWARDS, I SAW THAT
DOUCHE HIGH-FIVING EVERYONE.
- DOESN'T MAKE HIM
A BABY KILLER.
- HE WAS BRAGGING
THAT HE TOOK CARE OF BUSINESS
AND "FLUSHED THAT TOILET."
- FELICIA DID YOU TELL
THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE
WHY YOU HUNG
THE BED SHEET BANNER?
- EVERY TIME I TRIED,
THEY SHUT ME UP LIKE THEY JUST
DIDN'T WANT TO HEAR IT.
JUST LIKE WHEN
I TRIED TO TELL CARLA
THAT CHUCK WAS BAD NEWS.
YOU KNOW, SHE WANTED
TO KEEP THAT BABY.
- OF COURSE I WANTED OUR BABY.
ME AND CHUCK
WERE GONNA BE PARENTS.
- CARLA, WE'RE SO SORRY
FOR YOUR LOSS.
CAN YOU TELL US
WHAT HAPPENED?
- IT HAPPENED LAST WEEK.
I WAS ONLY EIGHT WEEKS
ALONG AND...
I STARTED CRAMPING.
BAD.
- DID YOU CALL CHUCK?
- HE HAD TO STUDY.
BUT HE WAS AS UPSET AS I WAS.
I KNOW WHAT PEOPLE
THINK ABOUT HIM,
AND NONE OF IT'S TRUE.
THAT GIRL WHO SAYS
HE RAPED HER...
CHUCK NEVER LAID
A HAND ON HER.
HE WOULDN'T.
- WELL, YOU KNOW YOUR FRIEND
FELICIA...
SHE DOESN'T AGREE.
- GIRLS COME ON TO CHUCK,
BUT HE ONLY LOVES ME.
HE PROVED IT TO ME LAST WEEK,
THE NIGHT BEFORE
I LOST THE BABY.
[sniffling]
- CARLA, DID
HE PROVE IT BY--
BY HAVING SEX?
- YEAH.
HE CALLED AND TOLD ME
HE WAS GONNA ROCK MY WORLD,
THAT HE HAD THIS STUFF
THAT WAS AMAZING.
- STUFF?
- HE CALLED IT...
LOVE POTION NUMBER 9.
HE...HE PUT IT ON HIS...
YOU KNOW.
MADE IT FEEL ALL WARM
AND TINGLY DOWN THERE.
- CARLA, UM...
DID CHUCK SAY WHERE HE
GOT THIS STUFF?
- HE MIXED IT UP HIMSELF,
SOME KIND OF HERBAL SEX POWDER.
- OH...
AND YOU MISCARRIED
THE NEXT DAY.
- NO. NO, HE DIDN'T.
HE WOULDN'T.
HE TOLD ME THAT...
HE WANTED THE BABY,
THAT WE WERE
GONNA GET MARRIED.
WHY WOULD HE LIE TO ME?
- OKAY, CARLA, DID CHUCK
LEAVE ANY OF THAT, UM...
LOVE POTION HERE?
- NO. HE TOOK IT WITH HIM.
- WELL, I THINK
HE MIGHT NEED IT AGAIN.
- CARLA, BABY.
DADDY'S HERE.
YOU CALLED,
CHUCK-O-LUCK DELIVERS, BIG-TIME.
WHOA!
- DOESN'T LOOK
THAT BIG TO ME.
- WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
- SONYA PAXTON.
I'M FROM
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE.
I HEARD YOU HAD SOMETHING
THAT COULD REALLY ROCK MY WORLD.
- HEY, FUNNY.
YOU NEVER TOLD US
YOU HAD A GIRLFRIEND.
- YOU GOT SOMETHING I WANT.
GIMME THE LOVE POTION.
HERE.
LET ME SEE IT.
GIVE IT UP. COME ON.
- IS IT TRUE?
DID YOU USE THAT STUFF
TO KILL OUR BABY?
- YOU JUST CALLED.
YOU TOLD ME YOU TALKED
TO THE DOCTOR,
THE BABY WAS GONNA
BE OKAY AFTER ALL.
- RIGHT. AND YOU COULDN'T
GET OVER HERE FAST ENOUGH
TO FINISH THE JOB,
COULD YA?
- YOU ARE A MURDERER!
- CARLA.
- CHUCK MILLS,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST
FOR ABORTION
IN THE SECOND DEGREE.
- I WANT A LAWYER.
- GET A GOOD ONE.
'CAUSE I'M GONNA
KICK YOUR ASS.
- THERE'S NOTHING
IN THAT TUBE BUT LUBE.
- IT'S PETROLEUM JELLY,
ALL RIGHT,
MIXED WITH A DRUG
CALLED MISOPROSTOL.
- OKAY. WHAT'S THAT?
- AN OVER-THE-COUNTER
ULCER MEDICATION.
- ARE UTERINE CONTRACTIONS
ONE OF THE SIDE EFFECTS?
- ALONG WITH DIARRHEA,
HEADACHE, VOMITING.
EVER SINCE THE MANUFACTURER
ISSUED A WARNING
ABOUT MISOPROSTOL
WORKING AS AN ABORTIFACIENT,
IT'S BEEN SELLING LIKE HOTCAKES
ON THE BLACK MARKET IN BRAZIL.
- THEIR VERSION OF
THE MORNING AFTER PILL.
- AND PRETTY SOON,
IT COULD BE OURS.
DID YOU SEE THE OP ED PIECE
IN SUNDAY'S PAPER?
[cell phone rings]
IT ADVOCATES
FOR WIDER DISTRIBUTION
OF MISOPROSTOL.
- STABLER.
- THE DRUG HAS SAVED
THOUSANDS OF WOMEN'S LIVES
IN POOR COUNTRIES
BY MAKING ABORTION INEXPENSIVE
AND SAFER THAN HOME REMEDIES
AND BACK-ALLEY BOTCH JOBS.
- CHUCK TOLD CARLA
IT WAS AN APHRODISIAC.
- HE'S PREMED.
HE KNOWS EXACTLY
WHAT THIS STUFF CAN DO.
- YEAH, AND, UH, WHAT
HE WANTS TO DO NOW IS CONFESS.
- MY CLIENT'S WILLING TO ADMIT
HE USED MISOPROSTOL
DURING SEX WITH MISS VINCENT.
- OH...THAT'S--
THAT'S FANTASTIC.
I'LL SEE HIS CONFESSION
AND RAISE HIS ABORTION CHARGE
TO ASSAULT ONE.
- REALLY, SONYA,
WITH A STRAIGHT FACE?
- DEPRAVED INDIFFERENCE
TO HUMAN LIFE.
HE USED HIS PENIS
TO DELIVER THAT DRUG INTO CARLA
WITHOUT HER KNOWLEDGE,
KNOWING FULL WELL
THAT IT WOULD KILL
THEIR BABY.
- IF HIS USE OF THE DRUG
HAD ANYTHING AT ALL
TO DO WITH CARLA'S
UNFORTUNATE MISCARRIAGE.
- YOU GONNA...SIT HERE
AND TELL US IT DIDN'T?
- SOMETIMES I DRINK TOO MUCH,
AND I HEARD THAT
MISOPROSTOL WAS A WAY TO...
UH, TAKE CARE OF
THE PROBLEM
WITHOUT HAVING TO GET,
YOU KNOW,
A PRESCRIPTION.
- FOR WHAT?
- FOR VIAGRA.
- MR. MILLS
BOUGHT MISOPROSTOL
TO TREAT HIS
ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION
BROUGHT ON BY DRINKING.
- WHISKEY CRAMPS A STIFFY.
- REALLY, CAROLYN...
WITH A STRAIGHT FACE?
- HERE'S A LETTER
FROM HIS DOCTOR
CONFIRMING THE DIAGNOSIS
OF E.D.
IN A SEALED ENVELOPE.
- YEAH, CARLA TOLD US
THAT HE DIDN'T TAKE MISOPROSTOL
WHEN SHE GOT PREGNANT,
SO IF HE'S GOT E.D.,
HOW'D HE GET IT UP?
- HE WASN'T DRINKING
THE FIRST TIME THEY HAD SEX.
- DO YOU REALLY EXPECT US
TO BELIEVE
THIS LIMP COCK AND BULL STORY?
- MR. MILLS IN NO WAY
INTENDED TO HURT MISS VINCENT
OR TERMINATE HER PREGNANCY.
THE ONLY THING HE'S GUILTY OF
IS POOR JUDGMENT.
- POOR JUDGMENT, MY ASS.
- YOU ALMOST GOTTA
HAND IT TO CHUCKIE, THOUGH.
PRETTY CREATIVE THINKING
HE COULD
KILL CARLA'S BABY THIS WAY
AND GET OFF.
- NOT NECESSARILY
IN THAT ORDER.
- DEFENSE
REALLY DID THEIR HOMEWORK.
MISOPROSTOL
IS APPROVED BY THE FDA
FOR TREATMENT OF ULCERS
AND ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION.
- CAUSING ABORTIONS
IS JUST A SIDE EFFECT.
- SIDE EFFECTS ARE BIG BUCKS
FOR BIG PHARMA.
VIAGRA STARTED OUT
AS A HEART FAILURE DRUG
UNTIL PATIENTS NOTICED
THEY GOT A WOODY.
- WHAT ABOUT BETHANY?
DID SHE SAY THAT CHUCK
HAD ANY PROBLEMS
GETTING AROUSED THAT NIGHT?
- SHE WAS PASSED OUT DRUNK.
SHE DIDN'T KNOW
SHE WAS BEING RAPED
UNTIL IT WAS ALREADY HAPPENING.
- BOTTOM LINE IS GRAND JURY
WILL NEVER INDICT CHUCK
UNLESS WE CAN PROVE
THAT HE USED THE MISOPROSTOL,
INTENDING TO CAUSE
CARLA'S ABORTION.
- WELL, MAYBE CHUCK SAID
SOMETHING TO THE PHARMACIST
WHO SOLD HIM THE STUFF.
- IT'S HARD NOT TO
REMEMBER HIM.
THE LITTLE BIT OF MISOPROSTOL
I HAD LEFT WAS ABOUT TO EXPIRE,
AND NOT TOO MANY USE IT
FOR ULCERS ANYMORE.
- THAT'S WHY CHUCK WANTED IT?
- HE CLAIMED IT WAS
THE ONLY MEDICATION
THAT WORKED FOR HIM,
AND HE SEEMED
PRETTY STRESSED OUT ABOUT IT.
- YOU SELL THIS DRUG TO A LOT
OF STRESSED-OUT GIRLS TOO?
- I HAVE TWO TEENAGE
GRANDDAUGHTERS.
I KNOW WHAT THIS DRUG
IS CAPABLE OF.
BUT IT'S PERFECTLY LEGAL.
AND ALL I CAN DO
IS WARN YOUNG WOMEN
NOT TO TAKE IT
IF THEY'RE PREGNANT.
- OKAY. YOU REMEMBER
ANYTHING ELSE
ABOUT, UH, THIS CHUCK GUY?
- ONLY THAT, UH, HE LOOKED
A LITTLE YOUNG FOR A PENIS PUMP.
- ONE OF THOSE
VACUUM TUBE THINGS
THEY SELL ON THE BACK
OF MAGAZINES TO MAKE YOU BIGGER.
OR SO I'VE HEARD.
- THEY'RE NOT JUST
NOVELTIES, DETECTIVE.
PENIS PUMPS HAVE LEGITIMATE
THERAPEUTIC APPLICATIONS
FOR GUYS
WHO CAN'T GET ERECTIONS.
AND MISOPROSTOL--
IT DOESN'T WORK WITHOUT ONE.
- I DON'T KNOW
IF HE USED ONE THAT NIGHT.
HE WENT INTO THE BATHROOM
RIGHT BEFORE WE DID IT.
- CARLA, PLEASE TRY TO REMEMBER
IF HE USED A PUMP THAT NIGHT.
- I DON'T WANNA TALK ABOUT IT
ANYMORE.
I JUST WANNA FORGET ABOUT IT.
- HE KILLED YOUR BABY.
- AND NOTHING
WILL BRING IT BACK.
I HAVE TO GO.
- IF YOU PROTECT THIS GUY,
HE'S GONNA DO THE SAME THING
TO ANOTHER GIRL.
- PROTECT HIM?
I'M TRYING TO PROTECT MYSELF,
OKAY?
- FROM WHO, CARLA?
- BEING WITH CHUCK WASN'T
THE FIRST TIME I HOOKED UP.
I WAS PREGNANT ONCE BEFORE.
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
BUT I DIDN'T KEEP IT.
WHEN THE MISCARRIAGE HAPPENED,
I THOUGHT IT WAS BECAUSE
I'D ALREADY HAD AN ABORTION.
- LOSING YOUR BABY
WASN'T YOUR FAULT.
- BUT IF I TESTIFY
AGAINST CHUCK,
THEY'LL SAY THAT I CAUSED
THE MISCARRIAGE,
THAT I WANTED IT TO HAPPEN
LIKE BEFORE.
THEY'LL TELL THE WORLD,
AND EVERYONE WILL BELIEVE THEM!
- LET'S SLOW DOWN.
WHO'S THEY?
WHO TOLD YOU THAT
THAT'S WHAT THEY WOULD SAY?
- MS. MADDOX,
CHUCK'S LAWYER.
- YOU WENT TO SEE
THE VICTIM, CAROLYN?
- MY CLIENT WAS WORRIED
ABOUT MISS VINCENT.
- YEAH.
WORRIED SHE MIGHT TESTIFY.
SO MS. MADDOX LET SLIP
THAT SHE'D BE HAPPY
TO PARADE AROUND
CARLA'S PAST ABORTION
FOR ALL THE WORLD TO HEAR.
- AND YOU THOUGHT I'D LET YOU
ASSASSINATE A VICTIM'S
CHARACTER IN MY COURTROOM?
- ALL DUE RESPECT, YOUR HONOR,
YOU SHOULD BE ASKING MISS PAXTON
ABOUT CHARACTER ASSASSINATION.
THE POLICE HAVE BEEN
GOING AFTER MY CLIENT
ON ONE TRUMPED-UP CHARGE
AFTER THE OTHER.
- CHUCK MILLS ALSO RAPED
BETHANY JENNINGS
AT HUDSON UNIVERSITY
WHILE SHE WAS DRUNK.
WE JUST COULDN'T PROVE IT.
- PERHAPS YOU WOULD
LIKE TO EXPLAIN TO JUDGE QUINN
HOW YOU HAPPENED TO LINK
MY CLIENT TO MISS VINCENT
DESPITE THE FACT THAT SHE
AND YOUR ALLEGED RAPE VICTIM
HAVE NEVER EVEN MET.
- THEY BOTH GO
TO THE SAME SCHOOL,
AND THE SPECIAL VICTIMS UNIT
IS REALLY GOOD AT THEIR JOB.
- ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY'RE
VIOLATING FEDERAL PRIVACY LAWS.
- EXCUSE ME?
- THAT'S A SERIOUS CHARGE,
CAROLYN.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
TO BACK IT UP?
- DETECTIVE STABLER DOES.
MY CLIENT'S CONFIDENTIAL
DISCIPLINARY FILE--
IT'S THE ONLY WAY SVU
COULD KNOW THE SPECIFIC DETAILS
OF WHAT HAPPENED
TO CARLA'S BABY.
AND THE ONLY THING MORE GALLING
THAN HIM HAVING IT
IS HOW HE GOT IT.
- YOUR DAUGHTER?
YOU DIDN'T HAVE THE BALLS
TO DO YOUR OWN DIRTY WORK,
SO YOU SENT YOUR KID
TO BREAK THE LAW FOR YOU?
- NOBODY BROKE THE LAW!
- WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?
GOD! HOW MANY BRADY VIOLATIONS
DO YOU HAVE TO GET SLAPPED WITH?
- IF YOU WOULD JUST SHUT UP--
JUST SHUT UP FOR ONE SECOND.
- NO, NO, NO, YOU SHUT UP!
I'LL EXPLAIN TO YOU, OKAY?
YOU JUST HANDED CHUCK MILLS
A GET-OUT-OF-JAIL-FREE--
- CHUCK MILLS
ISN'T GOING ANYWHERE,
BECAUSE I DIDN'T TELL MY
DAUGHTER TO TAKE THE FILE.
- OH, RIGHT, RIGHT,
AND I SHOULD BELIEVE YOU
BECAUSE YOU HAVE A REPUTATION
FOR PLAYING BY THE BOOK,
AND IT'S BEYOND REPROACH.
- YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT
ON THE SAUCE RIGHT NOW,
'CAUSE I GOT A POLICY
AGAINST STRANGLING DRUNKS.
GO HAVE A DRINK.
- OKAY--
- ALL RIGHT. NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THAT WAS UNNECESSARY.
- SONYA--
- UNNECESSARY. NO, NO, NO.
[exhales]
FORGIVENESS, ACCEPTANCE.
THE PAST IS THE PAST.
- SONYA, WE ACTUALLY GOT LUCKY
ON THIS ONE.
IT FELL IN OUR LAP.
- KATHLEEN KNOWS
CHUCK RAPED BETHANY.
ALL SHE WAS DOING
WAS TRYING TO HELP ME
NAIL THE SON OF A BITCH,
THAT'S ALL.
- OKAY, THAT'S--
THEN THAT'S GREAT.
SO I CAN TELL JUDGE QUINN
THAT SHE'D BE MORE THAN WILLING
TO SWEAR TO THAT UNDER OATH.
- WHAT DO YOU--N--
YOU'RE NOT GONNA SUBPOENA
MY DAUGHTER.
- YOU LEFT ME
WITH NO OTHER CHOICE.
- WELL, IF I DIDN'T NEED
A DRINK BEFORE,
I DO NOW.
- [ahem] SONYA, UM,
I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU.
- ABOUT?
- GETTING CHUCK MILLS' FILE.
I'M SORRY.
- YEAH. YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT
YOU SHOULD HAVE TOLD ME.
LET'S JUST HOPE YOUR, UH,
YOUR DAUGHTER
DOESN'T PERJURE HERSELF
TOMORROW.
- KATHLEEN IS NOT
GONNA LIE UNDER OATH.
- NOT EVEN TO PROTECT HER DAD?
- THERE'S NOTHING
TO PROTECT ME FROM.
I NEVER TOLD HER
TO GET THE FILE.
- I'LL BELIEVE IT
WHEN SHE SAYS IT.
- YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
KATHLEEN ACTUALLY
DID US A FAVOR HERE.
WE WOULDN'T HAVE A CASE
AGAINST CHUCK WITHOUT HER.
- THAT DOESN'T EXCUSE
WHAT SHE DID.
- IF YOU PUT HER
ON THE STAND,
HUDSON'S GONNA KICK HER
OUT OF SCHOOL.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU WANT FROM ME, STABLER.
DO YOU WANT ME TO--WHAT,
SUBPOENA YOU
SO YOU CAN DO THE PERJURING
AND PUT CHUCK AWAY?
- I'M NOT GONNA LIE
ON THE STAND.
AND WHAT--GO TO PRISON,
LOSE MY JOB AND MY PENSION?
CAN'T FEED MY WIFE AND FAMILY?
WHAT, FOR MILLS?
SONYA...
MY DAUGHTER...
YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
WHEN EVERYTHING FALLS APART.
PLEASE DON'T DO THIS
TO MY CHILD.
- A CONFIDENTIAL INFORMANT
GAVE YOU CHUCK'S FILE.
KATHLEEN'S NAME WILL NEVER...
BE PART OF THIS.
UNDERSTAND?
- THANK YOU.
- STABLER.
ARRAIGNMENT IS TOMORROW
MORNING, FIRST THING.
BE THERE.
- DOCKET ENDING 926,
PEOPLE VERSUS
CHARLES WILSON MILLS.
ONE COUNT EACH.
ABORTION IN THE SECOND DEGREE,
ASSAULT IN THE FIRST.
- MS. MADDOX,
HOW DOES YOUR CLIENT PLEAD?
- NOT GUILTY ON BOTH COUNTS,
YOUR HONOR.
- MS. PAXTON,
YOU CLAIM MR. MILLS SHOWED
DEPRAVED INDIFFERENCE
TO HUMAN LIFE.
BIT OF A STRETCH,
ISN'T IT?
- THE DEFENDANT INJECTED
A DRUG INTO HIS VICTIM
WITHOUT HER KNOWLEDGE,
CAUSING HER TO ABORT
HER EIGHT-WEEK PREGNANCY.
THE PEOPLE REQUEST
$1/2 MILLION BAIL.
- THAT'S EXCESSIVE,
YOUR HONOR.
MR. MILLS
HAS NO CRIMINAL RECORD.
AND NO MONEY.
HE'S NOT A FLIGHT RISK.
- HE'S A RISK TO EVERY WOMAN
ON THE HUDSON UNIVERSITY CAMPUS
IF HE'S ALLOWED
TO RETURN THERE.
- SO ORDERED.
BAIL SET AT $500,000.
CASH ONLY.
- OBJECTION ON THE GROUNDS
OF BIAS.
- BIAS, MS. MADDOX?
WHOSE BIAS?
- YOURS, YOUR HONOR...
REGARDING THIS KIND OF CASE.
- WE'LL TAKE
A TEN-MINUTE RECESS.
[taps gavel]
THANK YOU.
THIS IS A PRIVATE MEETING,
COUNSELOR.
- THEN YOU MUST BE DISCUSSING
THE LATEST SELECTION
FROM OPRAH'S BOOK CLUB,
BECAUSE IF THIS IS A PROHIBITED
EX-PARTE COMMUNICATION,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO CALL
THE CHIEF JUDGE.
- I WAS JUST TELLING MS. MADDOX
THAT I'M RECUSING MYSELF
FROM THE CASE.
- BECAUSE OF HER BIAS OBJECTION?
- JUDGE QUINN SIMPLY HAS
A CONFLICT OF INTEREST
THAT COULD CLOUD HER JUDGMENT.
- SOUNDS AN AWFUL LOT
LIKE BLACKMAIL.
- RELAX, SONYA.
MS. MADDOX'S CONCERNS
ARE MISPLACED BUT APPROPRIATE.
[knock at door]
THERE'S MY REPLACEMENT.
COME IN!
- JUDGE RIDIGER?
- THANKS FOR COMING
SO QUICKLY, MARCUS.
- ALWAYS A PLEASURE, SYLVIA.
OH, SURPRISED TO SEE YOU
BACK HERE, MS. PAXTON.
- HELLO. UH, I-I'M GONNA
HAVE TO REQUEST ANOTHER JUDGE.
- YOU HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH JUDGE RIDIGER?
- I WAS ON THE ETHICS BOARD
THAT SENT SONYA
TO REHAB LAST YEAR
AFTER HER, UH,
COURTROOM CRACKUP.
AND OBVIOUSLY, SHE THINKS
THIS WOULD AFFECT MY ABILITY
TO TRY THIS CASE
IMPARTIALLY.
- YOU DON'T?
- ABSOLUTELY NOT.
ALTHOUGH I WOULD LIKE TO SEE
WHAT YOU'VE GOT
BEFORE WE GO TO TRIAL.
- YOU WANT A...
PROBABLE CAUSE HEARING?
- TO MAKE SURE ALL YOUR
DUCKS ARE IN A ROW.
- OH.
WE'RE SCREWED. OFFICIALLY.
- 'CAUSE OF RIDIGER?
- OH, YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN HIM
LICKING HIS CHOPS.
HE'S GUNNIN' FOR ME.
- THAT'S NOT THE RIDIGER
WE KNOW.
- LOOK, MAYBE I CAN END THIS
BEFORE IT BEGINS.
I BET MADDOX WILL DEAL
IF I REDUCE THE CHARGE
TO ISSUING
ABORTIONAL MATERIALS.
- THAT'S A "B" MISDEMEANOR.
HE'D GET MORE TIME
FOR SHOPLIFTING AN IPOD.
- BEST I CAN DO, STABLER.
- NO, THE BEST THAT YOU CAN DO
IS TAKE CHUCK TO TRIAL
AND NAIL HIS ASS TO THE WALL.
- WE CAN'T EVEN GET
THE VICTIM TO TESTIFY.
NO. THE SMART MOVE HERE
IS JUST NOT TO PLAY.
- NOBODY IS MAKING
ANY DEALS.
DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?
- YOUR HONOR,
YOU RECUSED YOURSELF.
- BECAUSE MS. MADDOX'S
INVESTIGATOR
WENT DIGGING INTO MY PAST.
I ASSUME IT'S THE SAME WAY
SHE FOUND OUT
ABOUT HOW DETECTIVE STABLER'S
DAUGHTER
GOT CHUCK MILLS'
DISCIPLINARY FILE.
- AND CARLA'S ABORTION,
NO DOUBT.
WHICH IS WHY I CAME HERE...
TO HELP YOU WIN THIS CASE.
LET ME PERSUADE
MISS VINCENT TO TESTIFY.
I WAS STUDYING
TO BE A DANCER.
ONE NIGHT, A BUNCH OF US
WENT OUT FOR PIZZA AND BEER.
MY REWARD...
IF I DANCED WELL.
THE DRINKING WAS A MISTAKE.
I MUST HAVE BEEN STUMBLING
AS I CROSSED THE QUAD,
BECAUSE THREE BOYS APPEARED
AND OFFERED TO HELP ME
BACK TO MY ROOM.
THE NEXT THING I REMEMBER,
I WOKE UP...
TO THESE BOYS...
STANDING OVER ME...
TAKING TURNS.
SEEMED TO GO ON...
FOREVER.
WHEN THEY WERE DONE,
THEY FORCE-FED ME PILLS
SO THAT IT WOULD LOOK LIKE
I HAD OVERDOSED.
POLICE NEVER CAUGHT THEM.
THEY DIDN'T EVEN TRY.
ALL THEY WERE INTERESTED IN
WAS: WHAT WAS I WEARING?
WERE MY TIGHTS
TOO REVEALING?
HOW MANY BOYFRIENDS
DID I HAVE?
NOW...
THAT WAS ALMOST 40 YEARS AGO.
I NEVER DANCED AGAIN.
AND I NEVER GOT JUSTICE.
- HE DESERVES TO BE PUNISHED.
- DON'T LET HIM GET AWAY
WITH WHAT HE DID TO YOU.
- YOU...
CAN GET JUSTICE,
YOUNG LADY.
BUT YOU MUST
STAND UP FOR YOURSELF.
- I'LL DO IT.
I'LL BE THERE.
HEY, THIS IS CARLA.
LEAVE A MESSAGE,
AND I'LL GET BACK TO YOU.
THANKS.
[beep]
- CARLA'S NOT ANSWERING.
- KEEP TRYING.
- WHERE'S YOUR VICTIM,
COUNSELOR?
- WE'RE TRYING
TO CONTACT HER NOW, YOUR HONOR.
- I'D THINK A D.A. WHO'S TRYING
TO RESURRECT HER CAREER
AFTER A VERY PUBLIC MELTDOWN
WOULD MAKE SURE TO ESCORT
THIS YOUNG LADY IN BY THE HAND.
- YOUR HONOR, THE PEOPLE
WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST
A CONTINUANCE.
- OBJECTION.
THE DEFENSE
IS READY TO PROCEED.
- A CONTINUANCE
ON WHAT GROUNDS, MS. PAXTON?
NEW EVIDENCE?
ADDED CHARGES?
- YOUR HONOR, THE PEOPLE
REQUEST A CONTINUANCE
ON THE GROUNDS OF...
A NEW VENUE.
- DENIED.
THE EXTRA 30 STEPS FROM
MY COURTROOM TO JUDGE QUINN'S
DIDN'T OVERLY BURDEN
YOUR CASE.
- THEN SIR, THE PEOPLE
WOULD LIKE TO REQUEST
A, UH--
A RECESS.
A VERY SHORT RECESS.
- YOUR HONOR, THE PEOPLE'S
INABILITY TO PROCEED
IS A CLEAR VIOLATION
OF MY CLIENT'S RIGHT
TO DUE PROCESS.
I MOVE FOR IMMEDIATE
DISMISSAL OF ALL CHARGES.
- HOLD THAT THOUGHT,
MS. MADDOX.
YOU, APPROACH THE BENCH.
COUNSELOR, I AM TRYING
TO BE REASONABLE HERE.
BUT I WILL NOT
BE MADE A FOOL OF.
HAVING YOU BEEN
DRINKING AGAIN?
- NO, SIR.
YOUR HONOR,
MY CASE IS IN ORDER.
IF THE COURT WOULD JUST
INDULGE US FOR 30 MORE MINUTES,
THAT'S ALL.
- YOU USED UP
ALL YOUR INDULGENCES
WHEN YOU WERE DRUNK IN COURT.
- THEN PLEASE
GIVE ME THIS RECESS.
NOT BECAUSE
I NEED A SECOND CHANCE
BUT BECAUSE...
A SCARED YOUNG GIRL
NEEDS A FIRST ONE.
- RETURN TO YOUR TABLE,
MS. PAXTON.
THE PEOPLE WILL PRODUCE
A WITNESS
BEFORE THE END
OF BUSINESS TODAY
OR THE CASE AGAINST
MR. MILLS IS DISMISSED.
[pounds gavel]
- THIS IS VERY UNORTHODOX
WITHOUT A WARRANT.
- I'M NOT HERE TO SEARCH.
CARLA, I'M COMING IN.
LOOK, NOW, I UNDERSTAND THAT
YOU'RE SCARED ABOUT COURT,
BUT I NEED YOU--
OH, MY GOD.
CALL AN AMBULANCE!
CARLA.
- CAUSE OF DEATH
IS TOXIC SHOCK SYNDROME.
- FROM THE MISCARRIAGE.
- A BACTERIAL INFECTION
STEMMING FROM
THE INCOMPLETE EXPULSION
OF THE PRODUCTS
OF CONCEPTION.
- SHE MUST HAVE BEEN
FIGHTING IT
EVERY TIME WE TALKED TO HER.
- ANY OTHER TIME,
SHE MIGHT HAVE SURVIVED.
BUT HER IMMUNE SYSTEM
HAD BEEN COMPROMISED....
BY MISOPROSTOL.
- I THOUGHT THE DRUG WAS SAFE.
- WHEN TAKEN ORALLY AND
ABSORBED THROUGH THE STOMACH.
BUT NOT WHEN APPLIED
DIRECTLY TO THE CERVIX.
- THIS DRUG
JUST KEEPS ON GIVING.
- YEAH.
AND IT JUST GAVE US CHUCK.
- ONE MORE DOWN.
WHO'S BUYING?
- NOT YOU, HOTSHOT.
YOU'RE CUT OFF.
- WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
- ARRESTING YOU.
- WHAT? NO, NO.
THAT CASE WAS DISMISSED.
THAT BITCH NEVER SHOWED UP.
- YEAH, AND SHE NEVER WILL
BECAUSE OF YOU.
- CHUCK MILLS,
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
- W-WHAT FOR?
- JUST A LITTLE FELONY
CALLED MANSLAUGHTER
IN THE SECOND DEGREE.
- C-CARLA'S DEAD?
- YEAH, YOUR LOVE POTION--
IT BACKFIRED.
YOU KILLED HER.
- YOU'RE GOING DOWN.
THIS TIME FOR GOOD.
- LOOKS LIKE I GOT
MY WINNING CASE AFTER ALL.
- SAY GOOD-BYE
TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS, CHUCK.
ALTHOUGH I DON'T THINK
THEY'RE GONNA MISS YOU.
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com